- Group arrived in Port Reverie after the diamond heist deal you made with ZaryaMade a deal with Harbor Pilot named "Knuckles" Thorne - who agreed to look the other way for a small fee and provide you with papers for week to dock your ship at the port. 
- Met up with Crispin Vale (Lamplighter kid) who took you up the district known as Pennycross - a district known for its theatre, drinking and entertainment but a part of the city that has seen better days. 
- Within Pennycross, Crispin introduced you to Gilded Gutter - you’re new Cabaret / Dive-Bar that you secured in the deal with Zarya. 
- Here you learnt a little more about it’s former owner Silas Thornwick and why you may have been able to get such a good deal on such an expensive piece of property. You learnt:
	- In its Heyday the Gilded Gutter was known as neutral ground in the city. Figures from all walks of life would come to make deals, discuss the happenings of the city and was a place where rumors and secrets ran rife. 
	- The owner - Silas Warwick was able to leverage his network of informants and the secrets that flowed through the speakeasy to become a powerful and well connected figure in the city. 
	- One day - Silas dissapeared without a trace. The suspicious and abrupt nature of his departure quickly led to the Gilded Gutter falling into ruin - and eventually was overcome with an increasing sense of dread and dispair which is how you came to find it. 
	- Rumors abounded in the city that Silas was murdered because he knew too much. 
- After exploring the Gilded Gutter in more detail - and after a nat 20 from Baron whilst investigating for the source of this eary dread feeling - you discovered a secret network of corridors and rooms beneath the Gilded Gutter. 
- Throughout - scattered etheral representations (in the form of magical scrolls) of the secrets that had permeated the Gutter over the years guided you to eventually find the ghostly cursed form of the missing Silas Thornwick. 
- After an intesne battle, and some skillful use of unsettling words and gift of the gab by Baron - you were able to defeat the ghostly form, and free the spirit of Silas Thornwick.